Release notes for release 2.3.0 (#92)
Knotx/knotx-website: src/render/blog/release-2_3_0.html.md

- [PR-172](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/pull/172) - Add a task node processing exception to event log. Remove unused 'TIMEOUT' node status. Update node unit tests.
- [PR-170](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/pull/170) - Upgrade to Vert.x `3.9.1`, replace deprecated `setHandler` with `onComplete`.
                
### Knot.x Template Engine
- [PR-47](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-template-engine/pull/47) - Upgrade to Vert.x `3.9.1`, replace deprecated `setHandler` with `onComplete`.
     
### Knot.x Stack
- [PR-118](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-stack/pull/118) - Upgrade to Vert.x `3.9.1` - removed `netty-tcnative` as TLS ALPN support has been back-ported to JDK 8.

### Knot.x Docker
No important changes in this version.
                
### Knot.x Starter Kit
No important changes in this version.

## Upgrade notes

### Knot.x Dependencies
- [PR-55](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-dependencies/pull/55) - Upgrade to Vert.x `3.9.4`.

>   - It looks that that validation libs were updated in https://github.com/vert-x3/vertx-web/pull/1708 and after upgrade to Vert.x 3.9.4 the issue was validated so the tests with invalid specs failed. See [knotx-server/#68](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-server-http/pull/68) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - An Open API improvement (see https://github.com/vert-x3/vertx-web/pull/1708) in Vert.x 3.9.4 adds more restrictive validation rules:  See [knotx-server/#68](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-server-http/pull/68) for more details.
```

### Knot.x commons (affecting Knot.x fragments)
- [PR-37](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-commons/pull/37) Updates in `JsonObjectUtil`.

>   - Contract for getString changes: the function no longer returns null if some intermediate key is not present, but returns an empty JsonObject instead. Validated it does not change PlaceholdersResolver behaviour (the only usage in stack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The contract for `JsonObjectUtil.getString()` changes: the function no longer returns null if some intermediate key is not present, but returns an empty JsonObject instead. It does not break backward compatibility.
```
